we pick up three guys everybody a month
that subscribe me who watched my canine
nose or my video of my bed okay let's
get to it
Air Jordan future size to size 12 is
running feature one for gray wolf gray
and white retail prices for 150 get on
that camera come on get up there
there goes size 12 is running future
black black and white 150 okay I'm gonna
do a review on these next video guys I'm
like a video for the black - canister -
it okay alright
these sideways for you guys alright
most people didn't know the bottom of
these features have a Rexall 11 bottom a
nice dark jump man right there you'll
see okay I ordered that took two times
already so I mean they're not using them
it's got a mess today carbon fiber you
got a nice white going around clear
white alright the whole shoe is base
like the whole shoe is nice gray has
like a it's a nice feeling this look
really comfortable you got a gold jump
man right here the inside a gold shot
man sighs stuff don't forget okay this
is this right like by the two these gold
well I think that come on the shoelaces
are you see on the left side unlike
where my big on my left finger there's a
shot man right hold on
it's kind of hard to get
you see unless you write I mean I don't
mess you on that lace right there it's a
nice cold Jordan shot man on there
okay I'm dawn feet review with the eyes
with some uh some Nike shorts and some
joggers and I know that since I also all
right you right back okay but go on the
review of Detroit and futures and I'll
great color way all right
and I'm joggers - okay all right
they don't crease at all at the on C
review with Perry jogger pants okay your
view with the jogger pants on now okay
they're pretty nice with these soccer
pants
got the gold lace is standing out pretty
good my fault my socks guys
okay thanks for watching my video
come and subscribe we want to do